Copyedit "HTML Attributes" documentation for clarity (#465)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/attributes/attributes.md

---
Title: 'Attributes'

> Description: 'Attributes can be added to the opening tag of an HTML element to change its default behavior or provide additional data about it. Attributes consist of a name and a value in the format name="value".'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Attributes can be added to the opening tag of an HTML element to change its default behavior or provide additional data about it.'
```

>   - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'

Reviewer 2: Fix the spacing above for Tags and 'learn-html'

Author: This appears to be fixed now, but I'm confused as to why it appears this way in the code review. If there's something I haven't done right, please let me know. Otherwise I think everything is as it should be. Thanks.

- `src` is the attribute name.
- `codecademy_logo.png` is the attribute value.

> All HTML elements can have attributes; many have more than one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All HTML elements can have attributes and many have more than one.
```

Author: I think two clauses, as I had it, is better here. At the very least I would suggest a compromise with a comma before the "and":

> All HTML elements can have attributes, and many have more than one.

Reviewer: Looking over this, I'm good with your initial change if we want to separate the points. Otherwise, I would suggest "All HTML elements can have one or more attributes" or just "HTML elements can have one or more attributes."  Lmk what you 🧠  think!

I'm also seeing now that the following code snippet is not prefaced so I'm going to suggest that we add on "The example below displays an image element with three attributes:"

Author: Done!

```html
<img src="nyan_cat.gif" width="500" height="600" />
```

> **Note:** Attribute names are not case-sensitive, but it is good practise to write HTML markup in lowercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Attribute names are not case-sensitive, but it is good practice to write HTML markup in lowercase.
```

## Unique ID Attributes

> Specific and unique `id` attributes can be assigned to elements to differentiate them, and `id` values can be referenced in CSS and JavaScript to manipulate, format, and perform specific instructions on a single element alone, without affecting others of the same type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`id` attributes are specific and unique. They can be assigned to differentiate elements. They can also be referenced in CSS and JavaScript to manipulate, format, and perform specific instructions on a single element without affecting similar tags.
```

Author: Maybe we could be even clearer/more succinct here?

> The `id` attribute is generally used to differentiate elements. It is commonly referenced in CSS and JavaScript to manipulate, format, and perform specific instructions on a single element without affecting other elements of the same tag. Its value should be unique.

Reviewer: I think it's more so that the `id` attribute is used to identify elements. Other than that, loving that explanation. Let's change it to what you wrote here.

Author: Awesome, thanks!

> Valid `id` attribute values begin with a letter and must comprise only letters (`a`-`Z`), digits (`0`-`9`), hyphens (`-`), underscores (`_`), and periods (`.`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid `id` attribute values begin with a letter and must be comprised of only letters (`a`-`Z`), digits (`0`-`9`), hyphens (`-`), underscores (`_`), and periods (`.`).
```

Author: Sorry, I don't agree that "comprised of" is grammatically correct. "Must comprise" reads fine to me.

Reviewer: Whoops, I meant to write "composed of" as per https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/can-you-use-comprised-of-grammar. Thanks for pointing out my error here 👍 We'll just keep this as "must comprise only." Go ahead and resolve this convo

```html
<h1 id="th1s_is.v4lid">Hello World</h1>
```

> 

Reviewer: Would be helpful to add a note here about what is convention.

Author: Sorry, could you expand what you mean by that? I'm not sure I understand.

Reviewer: Yup! I'm speaking about id naming conventions. What do you think about adding a note that while an id like "th1s_is_v4lid" is valid, it's best to stick to one style? ..camelCase, dash-case, snake_case, and so on.

This is definitely ❓ optional

Author: Added at https://github.com/hughlilly/docs/commit/6e0f64a85ce8792bac8e9da6d578f48a336661a0

## Example

> In this example, the `<p>` (paragraph) element is given a unique identifier in its `id` attribute, and the text color is set using the `style` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `<p>` (paragraph) element is given a unique identifier in its `id` attribute, and the text color is set using the `style` attribute:
```

- `src` is the attribute name.
- `codecademy_logo.png` is the attribute value.

> HTML elements can have one or more attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTML elements can have any number of attributes.
```

They can have zero attributes as well.
